capital = 279

oob = "CHL_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "CHL_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "CHL_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = CHL_jorge_alessandri
recruit_character = CHL_salvador_allende
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_contreras_labarca
recruit_character = CHL_escudero_oscar_otárola
recruit_character = CHL_domingo_blanco
recruit_character = CHL_julio_allard_pinto
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_silva
recruit_character = CHL_jose_luis_sanchez_besa
recruit_character = CHL_marmaduke_grove
recruit_character = CHL_e_novoa_fuentes
recruit_character = CHL_dario_mujica_gamboa
recruit_character = CHL_c_j_de_la_motte
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_fuentes_rabe
recruit_character = CHL_arturo_espinoza_mujica
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_puga_monsalve
recruit_character = CHL_francisco_o_ryan_orrego
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_m_orlando
recruit_character = CHL_dario_cellejas_rojas
recruit_character = CHL_ariosto_herrera
recruit_character = CHL_luis_alamos_barros
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_cruchaga_tacomal
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_ross_santa_maria

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberalism
	last_election = "1932.10.30"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	liberalism = 20
	conservatism = 25
	socdem = 17
	marxism = 28
	socialism = 10
}
