capital = 313

oob = "GUA_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
}

recruit_character = GUA_enrique_bermudez
recruit_character = GUA_justo_arbenz
recruit_character = GUA_máximo_arbenz
recruit_character = GUA_diego_barahona
recruit_character = GUA_jorge_torriello_garrido
recruit_character = GUA_carlos_diaz_de_leon
recruit_character = GUA_jacopo_arbenz_guzman
recruit_character = GUA_w_tesch_orlando
recruit_character = GUA_r_buenaventure_pineda
recruit_character = GUA_tomas_mendoza_urribe
recruit_character = GUA_miguel_garcia_granados
recruit_character = GUA_jose_ezuira_abel
recruit_character = GUA_m_ydigaras_fuentes
recruit_character = GUA_federico_ponce_vaides
recruit_character = GUA_manuel_orellana
recruit_character = GUA_francisco_javier_arana
recruit_character = GUA_juan_arevalo_bermejo
recruit_character = GUA_eduardo_villagran_ariza
recruit_character = GUA_manuel_arroyo

set_war_support = 1.0
set_convoys = 5


# DIPLOMACY / CENTRAL AMERICAN WAR OF UNIFICATION
if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1960.01.12
	}

	declare_war_on = {
		target = NIC
		type = annex_everything
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarianism
	last_election = "1931.2.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 30
	fascism = 5
	liberalism = 25
	authoritarianism = 20
	reactionary = 20
}


