capital = 617

oob = "SIK_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	
}

recruit_character = SIK_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = SIK_chiang_yufen
recruit_character = SIK_kwong_jin
recruit_character = SIK_luo_wei
recruit_character = SIK_liang_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_piotr_orlov
recruit_character = SIK_kwong_tian
recruit_character = SIK_yu_wei
recruit_character = SIK_deng_tian
recruit_character = SIK_xie_peng
recruit_character = SIK_yang_tian
recruit_character = SIK_cheng_fang
recruit_character = SIK_ma_wei
recruit_character = SIK_yol_bars
recruit_character = SIK_gao_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_mao_wu
recruit_character = SIK_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = SIK_tan_ma
recruit_character = SIK_zhang_xiliang
recruit_character = SIK_habibullah_huseinov
recruit_character = SIK_isa_yusuf_alptekin

# DIPLOMACY / TURKSTAN INDEPENDENCE
if = {
	limit = {
		has_start_date < 1960.01.12
	}

	declare_war_on = {
		target = EAS
		type = annex_everything
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	despotism = 35
	communism = 20
	socialism = 10
	ultranationalism = 5
	conservatism = 10
	socdem = 15
	authoritarianism = 5
}
