capital = 300

oob = "URG_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "URG_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = URG_luis_berres
recruit_character = URG_benito_nardone
recruit_character = URG_gabriel_terra
recruit_character = URG_venancio_flores
recruit_character = URG_bernardo_gonzález
recruit_character = URG_juan_manuel_aguirre
recruit_character = URG_ernesto_sanchez_elizondo
recruit_character = URG_rafael_marques_ayala
recruit_character = URG_a_martin_de_la_flores
recruit_character = URG_carlos_neves_ochoa
recruit_character = URG_hector_lopez_camara
recruit_character = URG_valentin_gomez
recruit_character = URG_enrico_amancias_rodriguez
recruit_character = URG_cantido_quintio_reyes
recruit_character = URG_cosme_alvarez_berisso
recruit_character = URG_jorge_eloi_mendoza
recruit_character = URG_vittorio_amato_masso
recruit_character = URG_carlos_jackson_urribe
recruit_character = URG_teo_bucardi_ramos
recruit_character = URG_eleazar_diaz_caminate
recruit_character = URG_manuel_heinz_azpurua
recruit_character = URG_alfredo_baldomir
recruit_character = URG_horacio_arredondo
recruit_character = URG_paulo_ortega_frusci
recruit_character = URG_emilio_frugoni

set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberalism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservatism = 30
	authoritarianism = 10
	communism = 3
	reactionary = 2
	socialism = 10
	socdem = 15
	liberalism = 30
	
}